good morning everybody hi everybody how
are you well you know as you know it's
their favorite time ah not only do we
get to solve your stinky problems um
this was another one of our favorite
segments for Ewing and today is our DVD
it's a movie Claude wrinkle too long
rother joke not ready to work you know
this story made me go wow I need to
really reassess my life like what am i
doing what kind of I've got to stop
using the same old basic salt and pepper
I've got to step it up it you know I've
got to you know maybe explore some herbs
and spices they add mint and parsley and
majorem and Oakland fan and aloha know
if you're in a household like us you
don't even know what the event is so
what we make our own green stuff don't
mean we keep all our hopes of spices in
a really beautiful room that made out of
class and has an interesting spin when
you go to burn it though so i used some
of that amazing green so that i snipped
off and then I edit it to the cookies
and what happens is it fumigate the
house but everybody's happy and that's
the main thing and you've got to be
happy when you cook I think it's like
Marianna Marianna that's what it was it
was amazing I ate the cookies and I
honestly believe that he really was out
of my head and be behalf Rai helping me
come up with the all these other recipes
I was like in a world of my own it was
having me
well that's exactly what happens in the
DVD you're amazing you are about your
amazing you know what else is amazing
mr. Bray bulova name is telus Malala I
play tag and I'm a full-time a delicious
dancer when I perform I just
entertainment I don't really pay
attention I just you know satisfy
everyone's taste buds hopefully ever
since I was resting always looked up to
dwayne johnson AKA the rock I just want
to be like him but instead i'm doing
dancing now i don't have those guns now
he's showing off now yeah he told the
mornings with fella how you been did you
have a good sleep are you ready to pump
it up the ass is very delicious a
you